SQL (#1679)
enkidevs/curriculum: sql/dql/basic-queries/where-2.md

  OR name = 'Golduck';
```

> This shows the rows where the `name` is an exact match of either `'Meowth'` or `'Golduck'`. The resulting set looks like this:

Reviewer: Just one more mention, this is the correct usage of both ` ` and `" "` (or `' '`) in the same sentence 👍

| id | name    | total | hp | attack | defense |
|----|---------|-------|----|--------|---------|
| 52 | Meowth  | 290   | 40 | 45     | 35      |
| 55 | Golduck | 500   | 80 | 82     | 78      |

In the previous insight we used the `<>` comparison operator to check if the `name` was not `'Charmander'`. The same can be achieved using `!=` or by coupling a comparison operator (`=`) and a logical operation (`NOT`):

```sql
SELECT *
FROM pokemon
WHERE NOT name = 'Charmander';
```

> This statement shows all rows **except** for the one where name is equal to `'Charmander'`. In our case, this query would return all our records (rows) as we do not have any entries with the `name` `'Charmander'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This statement shows all rows **except** for the one where the name is equal to `'Charmander'`. In our case, this query would return all our records (rows) as we do not have any entries matching that query.
```
